it has long been said that justice is  blind and now we know it is bald too our  first guest is a shining beacon of  authority in his new show judge steve  harvey you can watch it tuesday nights  here on abc all rise for the honorable  steve harvey  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  man this is quite a style change for you  i don't think i've ever seen you dressed  like let all that let all that go for a  while  you realize these are just more germs  coming at us right it's okay they got  their mask on  how are you doing i'm taking everything  i got uh  vac vaccines i got the booster  i'm uh taking uh oral vaccines i'm doing  everything oral vaccine i i can't get  covet though no no i i ate chitlins for  40 years oh so you're saying you  literally can't get it i can't get it  i have some stuff in my system  eat covet ass alive  that's good that's good  wow i think i can see your nipple right  now  don't do that  it ain't that type of show  steve i'm just excited to have a live  audience i'm excited to see a  person i am  i've been in the house for three weeks  yeah uh by the way uh were you friendly  with bob saget he's somebody you knew  right yeah yeah we were at shows  together on television we used to do  press junkets man  it's crazy because uh  the dude that you see on tv that's not  who that was not at all yeah that the  father on full house  now this is a different dude also  both work  you know when we would see each other  off stage we would just cuss each other  out uh-huh you know he was an  interesting guy what was crazy man my  staff just told me today he just emailed  me two days ago oh boy and they read the  email to me this morning oh boy he  wanted me to come do this new podcast he  had man and uh he really respected the  moral stances that i've taken  he was just talking about all the good  times we had and they read the email to  me so it was a little hard man today  yeah you know he's a great dude man  great it's hard for me too because he  didn't ask me to do his podcast  i'm realizing now that he is totally  respected you're moral this is not a  tribute jim  you don't do the tribute and slam the  dude at the same time  i know i would never slam bob but bob  had the uh darkest sense of humor of any  nice person i ever met it was for real  it was shocking too shocking dark yeah  and not just profane but also very  twisted and very fun to experience yeah  well i'm you know what you're turning  what you're you have a big birthday  coming up next 65. 65 years old now  that's a milestone that's like a  that's like a big party type of thing  are you going to have a party well yeah  i think so my wife has got something  planned she's really not telling me what  it is oh i should that's how i know it's  expensive you know i'll shut it down  because i'm the practical one in the  family but my wife doesn't she doesn't  practice practicality she don't she  don't know what that is i don't know  what the hell is wrong with her  don't you think there needs to be some  balance though if you're very practical  somebody has to bring some fun into the  i mean really i mean that's it though  you know what i mean she she's the fun  part of my life you know i know my job i  know what my job is i'm i'm i'm an  earner  i i make i go and make the stuff i  provide the money she does sprinkles all  the dust  all the happy stuff for christmas we had  reindeer at the house who does that for  real somebody do reindeer we're black  what are you doing  dear when you were a kid was there a  gift like a christmas gift that you  really wanted that you could not get  because your parents yeah but i'll give  you a prime example okay my daughter my  youngest daughter she comes to me  and goes dad  i want to start riding horses  so guess what we have a different life  i buy my daughter two horses  she's an equestrian rider i buy her two  horses i  asked my father  for a pony one year  about nine years old i asked my daddy  for a pony he told me you'd go outside  and put some hair on that bike  that's a big difference now  and i actually  got one of my mama's bathroom rugs and  took it outside and taped it around the  bars on the bike to make it look like  fur  now i don't get the pony and i got a ass  whooping  i got one of the worst answers i forgot  man  are you a billionaire yet steve you've  got to be a billionaire i've just been  trying to add it all up well if i was a  billionaire i wouldn't be on your show  [Applause]  i promise you the day i get a billion  dollars  y'all give a damn what you caught on  family feud facebook this new judge show  i ain't gonna be on it  this  all right we're gonna you know i wanted  to take a break right now with steve  harvey he was now not a billionaire but  he will be soon especially if you watch  judge steve harvey here on abc we'll be  right back with that and more steve  ruben do you have a phone camera  wait  wait i got to do this right here  take a picture with me  all right all right  thank you  that's all i want  that's great  does the winner get a picture no no i  got to have that picture cause  you're the stupidest dude  i've ever met  at steve harvey in judge steve harvey  i have to tell you something i'm not i'm  not blowing any smoke up your ass here i  would watch you do almost anything and  so this is such a great  setup for you but i do have one bone to  pick and that's this you're judge steve  harvey why are you not wearing a robe  you have you're a judge  everybody in here know ain't no damn jib  [Laughter]  but you got the  you have the you have the gavel you got  the bailiff you you know it's like it's  like being a park ranger but you don't  wear the hat you have to wear the hat  no what  what's that man i i think it showed like  a disrespect and a disservice to the  profession you know i i got a high  school diploma dog i mean that's  that's pretty much it you know i just  went on and wanted to become a judge  everybody asked me so what made you  think you could become a judge i said  well donald trump was present there  that's right  you get you know i do a thing here on  this show where i will rule on cases so  much and i get uh just a feeling of  power even though they're small claims  type situations that i really enjoy  i do too man but it's like  like these are real people in real cases  and they sign an affidavit and whatever  i rule that's what it is like that guy  that was on the clip you showed i wanted  to take a picture with him because this  is really like the stupidest dude i ever  met  he took his he took  the woman he sleeps with to court  even if you win  how you think this gonna work out  i said this is the stupidest dude i've  ever met  and then abc had a little talk with me  afterwards cause you know steve it's not  politically correct to call anybody  stupid oh is that right well okay well  what what is he  [Laughter]  you take your wife to court on tv that  that's not stupid  so you know we we're having a little  struggle with the political correctness  do you watch the bachelor on abc  yeah yeah  do you  do you think  a young single steve harvey how would  you handle dating 31 women at once on  television  yeah  you know how many illnesses i would have  right now  [Laughter]  you wouldn't hold back you wouldn't be  looking for love  bro let's  i know the dude is here and i didn't get  to see him back there yeah but if he  looks like the rest of them uh-huh they  have these tall chiseled  the  you know the jawlines these dudes that's  him gorgeous yeah  what really fine man is having trouble  finding  a woman  look  my cousin is a male man in dc  he's horribly unattractive  [Applause]  but because he brings checks by once a  month  he got 36 women on his rock  well maybe he should be the bachelor  you wow  what um yeah it's i think it's an  interesting uh dynamic for sure how long  have you been married now 15 years 15  years what was your first  you guys didn't meet on a you didn't  mean on a reality tv show  no we met in the comedy club you met at  a comedy club all right she was she came  in late and uh this was this was almost  20 some years ago this was  no 30 years ago oh wow  i met her when i was like 32 years old  and uh she walked into comedy club late  and she was the most  i've never seen a chick that find before  and i looked at her and i stopped the  show and everybody was looking at the  first words i said to her and this is  the honest to god truth i said i don't  know who you are but i'm gonna marry you  one day no everybody busted out laughing  and that was like in 89.  i married her in 2005. we both got  married we both had marriages and both  had children at the same time and i saw  her again in 2005 and that was it and  i'm married i asked  a true story man  i married her ass would be a great show  too yeah that  we should we should coach i would love  to be a part of that i married her  and and you never see her face  steve harvey everybody watch judge steve  harvey tuesday nights on agency and the  next day on hulu we'll be back with the  bachelor clayton  congratulations on making it to the end  of a youtube video why not celebrate by  clicking the subscribe button you earned  it